DOCS `langchain decorators` update (#13535)
langchain-ai/langchain: docs/docs/integrations/providers/langchain_decorators.mdx

# LangChain Decorators ✨

~~~

> Disclaimer: `LangChain decorators` is created not by `LangChain.ai` and not supported by `LangChain.ai`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disclaimer: `LangChain decorators` is not created by the LangChain team and is not supported by it.
```
